https://fair.org/feed/ #prog
https://www.jacobinmag.com/feed/ #prog
https://blog.p2pfoundation.net/feed/ #prog #tech
https://medium.com/feed/holochain #tech #prog
https://www.linuxjournal.com/node/feed #tech
https://zcomm.org/feed/ #prog
https://zcomm.org/feed/?post_type=znetarticle #prog
https://zcomm.org/feed/?post_type=blogpost #prog
https://zcomm.org/feed/?post_type=commentary #prog
https://zcomm.org/feed/?post_type=zmagarticle #prog
https://theintercept.com/feed/?lang=en #prog
https://theminskys.org/feed/ #prog
https://www.commondreams.org/rss.xml #prog
https://grist.org/feed/ #prog
http://feeds.feedburner.com/yes/new-economy #prog
http://feeds.feedburner.com/yes/people-power #prog
http://feeds.feedburner.com/yes/happiness #prog
http://feeds.feedburner.com/yes/planet #prog
http://feeds.feedburner.com/yes/peace-justice #prog
http://feeds.feedburner.com/yes/most-recent-articles #prog
http://positivemoney.org/feed/ #prog
http://www.democracyatwork.info/home.rss #prog
https://www.vanityfair.com/feed/rss #prog #variety
https://www.ineteconomics.org/feed.rss #prog
https://www.epi.org/blog/feed/ #prog
https://solidarity-us.org/front/feed/ #prog
https://solidarity-us.org/rss #prog
https://culturalevolutioncenter.org/feed/ #prog
http://commonstransition.org/feed/ #prog
https://www.telesurtv.net/english/rss/RssHome.html #prog
https://www.telesurtv.net/english/rss/RssWorld.xml #prog
https://www.telesurtv.net/english/rss/RssLatinoamerica.xml #prog
https://www.telesurtv.net/english/rss/RssOpinion.xml #prog
https://www.telesurtv.net/english/rss/RssAnalisis.xml #prog
https://peoplespolicyproject.org/feed/ #prog
https://democracyinpractice.org/feed/ #prog
# News & Guts #prog
# The Correspondent #prog
https://peoplespolicyproject.org/feed/ #prog
https://celdf.org/feed/ #prog
https://bostonreview.net/rss.xml #prog
https://thepointmag.com/feed #prog
https://feeds.howtogeek.com/howtogeek #tech
https://nplusonemag.com/feed/ #prog #variety
https://www.socialistalternative.org/feed/ #prog
https://ilsr.org/feed/ #prog
https://www.dissentmagazine.org/feed #prog
https://www.tcfrank.com/feed #prog #person
https://usworker.coop/en/feed/ #prog
https://blog.maidsafe.net/feed/ #tech #prog
https://www.icij.org/blog/ #prog
https://cooperativesforabetterworld.coop/blog/feed/ #prog
http://createfeed.fivefilters.org/extract.php?url=https%3A%2F%2Finstitute.coop%2Fabout-dawi%2Fnews%2Ffeed&in_id_or_class=node__title+node-title&url_contains= #https://institute.coop/about-dawi/news
https://www.publicintegrity.org/rss #prog
http://1worker1vote.org/feed/ #prog
http://cdi.coop/feed/ #prog
https://www.motherjones.com/feed/ #prog
https://www.peri.umass.edu/ #prog
https://thebaffler.com/feed #prog
http://inthesetimes.com/rss #prog
http://blog.practicalethics.ox.ac.uk/feed/ #blog #philosophy #ethics #tech
https://neweconomy.net/rss.xml #prog #utop
https://www.democracynow.org/democracynow.rss #prog
https://chomsky.info/feed/ #prog
https://www.theguardian.com/us/rss
https://jacobinmag.com/feed/ #prog
https://medium.com/feed/open-collective #prog
https://static.fsf.org/fsforg/rss/events.xml #prog #tech
https://static.fsf.org/fsforg/rss/news.xml #prog #tech
https://static.fsf.org/fsforg/rss/blogs.xml #prog #tech
http://www.metamute.org/rss #prog
https://arstechnica.com/feed/ #tech
